                                1. Create a Microservice Project with docker enabled
                                2. Make changes to the files locate of dockerfile - moved it 
                                3. Start and check docker - basic commands
                                4. fire a build restore command


                                5. Publish the app to docker folder - so that it ready to be deployed
                                                dotnet publish -o obj/Docker/publish
                                6. build and deploy it
                                                docker build -t walletpayment .

                                7. Run the images
                                                docker run -d -p 18000:80 --name containerimagename imagename(fundmicroservices)

                                8. test the image on browser http://localhost:18000:80/api/values



                                9. deploy this container to azure container registry (ACR) (deploy the above image)
                                                docker login hexawaretrainingcontailerregistry.azurecr.io 

                                                a. docker stop containerId
                                                               (is needed because image is running in this container and thus cannot be push - accessed denied error)                  
                                                
                                                b. tag the image
                                                                docker tag  eventregistration hexawaretrainingcontailerregistry.azurecr.io/demo/eventimage
                                                c. push the image                                             
                                                                docker push hexawaretrainingcontailerregistry.azurecr.io 


                                10. Deploy this to AKS 
                                11. start consumption 
